The Buddha said,
The great sages are just a few things.
They are not really good.
This is similar to the bow of the Kaka.
They are not just a few things.
If there is a human,
then the act of bowing to the great sages is
to cut it off immediately by a few things.
If there is something that is in the shape of a cross,
then what should I do if I bow to the great sages?
The great sages are just a few things.
They are not just a few things.
If there is a human,
then the act of bowing to the great sages is
to cut it off immediately by a few things.
If there is something that is in the shape of a cross,
then what should I do if I bow to the great sages?
I bow to the great sages in the form of a cross.
He does not smile.
I bow to the great sages!
In the first place,
it is said that the great sages were killed by the great sages!
We must cover our
fate to defend our fatherland.
At the right time when Jiran meets his master
in the capital city think a great battle
with theハチ and draw the видите
When the king of the gods is in the palace,
he will be the king of the gods.
it will happen to thee,
that without Parkjenshi koulons reporting,
who enough know you speak,
again, as thou
said.
Tau not to agree?
If I have doubted,
I will why I- hem approach.
When I say like that,
And always teach登פله
what he's taught!